Added a hint to the RP. Closes #70 (#72)
lamps-wg/csr-attestation: draft-ietf-lamps-csr-attestation.md

the type OID will already uniquely indicate which Verifier to invoke, but
in some cases it may still be ambiguous, or the type may indicate
another layer of conceptual message wrapping in which case it is helpful
to the RP to bring this hint outside of the statement.
It is assumed that the RP must be pre-configured with a list of trusted
Verifiers and that the contents of this hint can be used to look up

> the correct Verifier. The contents of the hint are out of scope for this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the correct Verifier. The format and contents of the hint are out of scope of this document.
```
